1. Core Design Philosophy & Vibe
Aesthetic: "Glassmorphism" & "Calm-Tech." Think minimalist, clean, and focused. The UI itself should be a sanctuary from digital noise.
Default Mode: Dark Mode. The design should be optimized for a dark background, making it easy on the eyes during long work sessions.
Palette:
Background: Use a deep, near-black slate or charcoal color (e.g., #111827 or a similar dark gray). Avoid pure black.
Primary Elements (Cards/Panels): Employ the glassmorphism effect—a semi-transparent background with a backdrop-blur and a subtle border.
Accent Colors: Use a single, vibrant color for primary call-to-actions (CTAs) and the "Urgent" category to draw attention. A strong electric blue, magenta, or green would work well. Other categories should use more muted colors.
Text: Use varying opacities of white for hierarchy (e.g., text-white for titles, text-gray-300 for body, text-gray-500 for metadata).
Typography: Use a clean, sans-serif font like Inter. Ensure clear hierarchy with font weights (e.g., font-bold for summaries, font-medium for labels, font-normal for details).
Iconography: Use the Lucide React icon library for a consistent, modern, and lightweight look.
Animation: Use Framer Motion for subtle, purposeful micro-interactions. The UI should feel fluid and responsive, not flashy.
2. Key Components to Implement
Based on the project plan, generate the complete code for the following React components. The components should be built with Tailwind CSS for styling and incorporate Framer Motion for animations.
A. The Main Dashboard (Dashboard.jsx)
Layout: A three-column, Kanban-style layout for 🔥 URGENT, 💡 FYI, and 🗑 IGNORE.
Functionality:
Columns should be clearly labeled with their respective icons and titles.
The layout should use CSS Grid or Flexbox and be fully responsive.
Integrate framer-motion's Reorder components to allow users to drag-and-drop WorkItemCards between columns (for future functionality).
The entire layout should have a gentle staggerChildren animation effect on initial load, so cards animate in one by one.
B. The Work Item Card (WorkItemCard.jsx)
This is the most critical component. It must be data-rich yet visually clean.
Structure & Styling:
Use the glassmorphism style for the card background.
Add a subtle, colored border on the left edge of the card to indicate its source (e.g., blue for Gmail, purple for Slack).
Content (based on the provided JSON data structure):
Header:
Left: Source Icon (e.g., Slack, Gmail) from Lucide React.
Right: urgency_score visualized as a small, color-coded tag or badge (e.g., "🔥 High Impact").
Summary: The summary text should be the most prominent element, in a bold font weight.
Action Items: Display action_items as a simple, clean checklist.
Metadata Footer:
Left: Stakeholder avatars (stakeholders).
Right: Deadline (deadline) with a small clock icon.
Interactivity & Animation (Framer Motion):
The card should subtly scale up and gain a soft glow (box-shadow) on hover (whileHover={{ scale: 1.03 }}).
Add a layout prop to the main card div for smooth re-ordering animations.
Quick action buttons (✅ Done, 🔗 View Context) should be visible on hover.
C. The Context Panel (ContextPanel.jsx)
Functionality: This panel should slide in from the right side of the screen when a user clicks "View Context" on a WorkItemCard.
Styling: It should also use the glassmorphism effect, appearing as a layer above the main dashboard.
Animation (Framer Motion): Use the AnimatePresence component to handle the slide-in/slide-out animation.
Content:
Header: Show the summary of the selected item.
Body: Create sections for "Related Messages," "Connected Documents," and "Associated Tasks."
AI Insights: Include a dedicated section for AI Insights (e.g., "Suggested next step: Email stakeholder@example.com about the deadline.").
3. Data Structure for Props
Your components should be designed to accept a workItem prop with the following JSON structure. Please use this structure to populate the components with sample data.
Generated javascript
const workItem = {
  "id": "12345",
  "classification": "🔥 Urgent",
  "summary": "Client presentation needs final slide deck updates by Friday 3PM.",
  "action_items": ["Finalize Q4 sales data slide", "Add new marketing campaign results"],
  "sentiment": "Neutral",
  "urgency_score": 5, // on a scale of 1-5
  "effort_estimate": "Medium (15-30min)",
  "deadline": "Today",
  "context_tags": ["Project-Phoenix", "Client-ABC"],
  "stakeholders": ["manager@email.com", "client-lead@email.com"],
  "business_impact": "High",
  "source": "slack", // or "gmail", "notion", etc.
  "follow_up_needed": true
};
Use code with caution.
JavaScript
Please generate the complete, production-ready code for Dashboard.jsx, WorkItemCard.jsx, and ContextPanel.jsx based on all the requirements above.